//Java 8 (w/ MOSH)
//Just basic notes on this entire course ya digggg

IDE = Integrated Development Environment ==== (Software that helps us write software.)
// ANATOMY OF A JAVA PROGRAM
//MAIN POINTERS>>>
JDK---- Java Developer Kit - is a developer kit for tools to make programs
    JRE----- Java Runtime Env. - has libraries of commands and imports to help create these modules.
        JVM ----- Java Virtual Machine - It physically runs java programs by creating a VM to run it on and upload/compile it for us.
Java is a compiler language meaning that it scans the entire program and translates the whole of it into machine code at once.
^^^ THis means that the language is faster and has better performance but in return its harder to write and harder to debug
^^^ Has a Method and that method resides inside of a class
^^^ Some programs in whose classes and methods are stored in a PACKAGE.

Java is a compiler so it looks at our source code and it converts into machine code(binary).
But there is an other problem with that...
When you create code on mac, compile it and publish it, that code can only be run on a mac because it was compiled for that specific os itself.
The same process happens vice versa, for windows, Linux, and UNIX and chrome os, etc
But Java has a solution to this....
The src code is converted into BYTE CODE (which appears as a .class file) and then once its on viewers' respective operating systems it will then compile into binary code.
Every Main Java program is created with a class.
A class is like a USER_DEFINED node/blueprint
Its similar to a section of a supermarket where similar items are sold.
In a class methods related to each other are marked under the same class


Every Java program has one main method.
A function is a block of code that performs a task. Function for anything.
Functions also known as METHODS.
To create one you have to first specify the returnTYPE of function
For instance some functions return a number or a string yet some functions return nothing like void.
Types of returnTYPES in a method ---------
If I am doing addition then the return type would be int.
If I want to return the name of the user then the return type would be String.
If I want to return a list of array containing some data then it would be Array List.
If I want to return if a connection was successful or not then Boolean.
Sometimes if you want no return yet just a simple method we use void because we don't want any iterative value back
After the returnTYPE, we have the name if the function which is what is used to call it back.
A method must always be called back inorder for it to work.
The next part is the parenthesis in which the next we write the parameters for the method. (If im making a "sendmail()" function then in the parameters i would out in the recipients, subject etc.)

Sometimes to organize the classes and methods in one huge project you may add a package to organize all your classes and methods,
For instance if i wanted to store all classes and methods from a certain java file into a package then at the top of the program i would simply say...
package com.abhay;
Package is the keyword in this line and the com.abhay is the package name, you can name it whatever you want.











